Machine learning is the study and design of systems that uses gathered data to influence
future decisions. The machines "learns" from the data it gathers with the aim to produce better
decisions in the future. Machine learning usually refers to the changes in systems that perform 
tasks associated with artificial intelligence. Such tasks involve recognition, diagnosis, 
planning, robot control, prediction, etc. These “changes” might either enhance the already 
performing systems or the beginner synthesis of new systems. Entertainment streaming services use 
machine learning to predict what people want to watch next by using the data gathered from the 
previous shows they watched.

Supervised machine learning depends on input and output. The machine gathers input from the
user and uses the data to produce a more acurate and desired output.The machine will recommend
content based on previous input from the user. The more acurate recommendations the machine
makes the more it learns from the input to produce an even better output in the future. For
example in image classification the machine trains to identify certain objects in images
based on a defined set of properties. Models of supervised macine learning is:
-Neural networks
-Linear regression
-Logistic regression
-K-nearest neighbor

Unsupervised machine learning looks for patterns in data and groups them together. The machine
gather data and finds paterns and refines these patterns as more data is collected without the
supervision of any human. These patterns for show connection between properties as can be used
to produce acurate predictions. Such as in targeted advertising for example people who buy 
plants might also buy gardening gear the machine will then make the see the pattern it creates
and it will start to recommend gardening gear to someone who buys plants as there is a pattern
between the two. Models of unsupervised machine learning:
-K-means clustering
-Hierarchal clustering

Semi-supervised machines learning is a combination of supervised and unsupervised machine
learning and is used when we do not have labels for all our examples in our training dataset.

I really find self-driving cars very interesting and how different companies try different
things. Tesla uses cameras in their cars as Elon Musk prefers cameras as it is the closest
replication to the human eye. Where other companies such like BMW opting to use a technology
called Lidar which can detect range by using light as a pulsed laser.Machine learning allows
a car to collect data on its surroundings from cameras and other sensors, interpret it, and
decide what actions to take. The more it can go thrugh this process the more you it can learn
to make better future decisions.